Add sysroot shortcut to rust-project.json (#5884)
rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer: docs/user/manual.adoc

[source,TypeScript]
----
interface JsonProject {
    /// Path to the directory with *source code* of sysroot crates.
    ///

>     /// It should point to dircotry where std, core, and friends can be found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// It should point to the directory where std, core, and friends can be found:
```

    /// https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/tree/master/library.
    ///
    /// If provided, rust-analyzer automatically adds dependencies on sysroot crates.

>     /// Conversly, if you omit this path, you can specify sysroot dependencies yourself and,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Conversely, if you omit this path, you can specify sysroot dependencies yourself and,
```
